Add documentation for running benchmarks to developer docs (#2339)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/testing/index.adoc

}
----

== Performance Testing

> Jenkins Test Harness now provides ways to run microbenchmarks using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from [Jenkins Test Harness 2.50](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins-test-harness/releases/tag/jenkins-test-harness-2.50), the framework provides ways to run microbenchmarks using
```

link:https://openjdk.java.net/projects/code-tools/jmh/[Java Microbenchmark Harness].

To use them in your plugin, please find documentation here:

> 

Reviewer: Add link to the blogpost in the first bullet?
